20 years professional alpinist
20 years Mammut
1995/96 CERRO TORRE, PATAGONIA
"Compressor route"
Start of the collaboration with Mammut
1999 CERRO TORRE, PATAGIONA
First winter ascent "Ferrari route"
1998-2002 EIGER NORTH FACE
First ascents "La vida es silbar" / "Patienca" / "Young Spider"
1999 BREITWANGFLUH, SWITZERLAND
First repetition "Flying Circus"
S.Siegrist wants to make the first repetition of this climb rated M10, the highest grade at the moment...
He's carrying 8 kg of gear with him.
Cams, nuts and ice screws to protect himself.
"Yes, it is heavy, but it's also part of the game to protect the climb while climbing
that there are no bolts. It's a different challenge
What a mountain?
1999 EIGER NORTH FACE
TV live program ascent of "Heckmair route"
2001 CERRO TORRE, PATAGONIA
Attempt "Maestri-Egger route"
Snow cave speaking, hello!
Here basecamp Bridwell, hello.
How are the conditions?
It's slightly windy.
Tomorrow should be bette+รง%//?!ยฃ...
2002 EIGER NORTH FACE
"Heckmair route" with equipment of first ascensionists
It was tough in the morning, quite wet...
...and the "Difficult crack" is, as the name implies, not very easy.
2004 THALAY SAGAR, INDIA
First ascent "Harvest Moon"
2007 ARWA TOWER, INDIA
First ascent "Lightning Strike"
In the back you see the wonderful
mountain scenery...
down there the glacier...
if you look down...
No, No, not over the ropes!
Shi*!!!
All over the ropes!
2008, HOLTANNA, ANTARTICA
First ascent "Eiszeit"
2008 MAMMUT TEAM TRIP AUSTRIA
Highline Flak tower Vienna
Stef shows David Lama the secrets of ice climbing
Is there also ice in Austria?
Yes, vanilla and raspberry...
2009 ASAN, KYRGYZSTAN
First free ascent "Timofeev route"
It's very safe, what Stef's doing.
He's very much aware of what he's doing.
It's great to have him with us.
2010 EIGER NORTH FACE
First free ascent "Magic Mushroom"
With a fast descent...
2011 CERRO KISHTWAR, INDIA
First ascent "Yoniverse"
2011 GRIMSEL, SWITZERLAND
Mammut photo shooting with Rainer Eder
2012 TERMINATION OF WINTER TRILOGY, PATAGONIA
Cerro Torre / Torre Egger / Cerro Standhart
2013 CERRO TORRE, PATAGONIA
Second winter ascent "Ferrari route"
"We have this bivi spot here, on this little ridge...
...looks not too bad."
You're quite a good commentator.
I think I have to build a belay.
2012 MATTERHORN, SWITZERLAND
Summit highline
2013 DOUFOURSPITZE, SWITZERLAND
2014 EIDFJORD, NORWAY
Mammut team trip, ice climbing
2014 KISHTWAR SHIVLING, INDIA
First ascent east summit "Jallo"
2015 KASHMIR, INDIA
First ascents Spear / Tupendeo / Te
2015 EIGER, SWITZERLAND
Jubilee tour with Mammut CEO Rolf Schmid
Thank you very much Stef
for the unforgettable 20 years.
We're looking forward to more adventures!